TODO.md, before:

- Add tagging UI to conversations/show view, and display tags in the index view
- Try to make this a separate package!!!
  - Move to its own namespace
  - Clear separation of lib/app responsibilities re: users, loading and persisting messages and convos, etc
- Clean up query stuff for conversations
- Label each message with some kind of per-user id so that we can style each speaker's differently - eg CSS colors for `message.user1...message.user9` probably enough.
- Add "is typing" indicators for users who are not self.
- Populate only the most recent N messages in a conversation when backfilling history, and load more as the user scrolls up
  - With this, we can then have some infinite conversations (don't allow closing) for back-channel talk between cs reps ("I need some help here", etc)
  - *Maybe* use "who is in the lounge channel" to decide whether any cs reps are available to chat? We need a conditional for that in the views to show the chat feature...
- Clean up path references
- In setup:
  - Prompt user for name if not logged in (currently using "Anonymous")
  - Set up chat window, using given chat room name and username
- Given that we're setting a cookie on every request, if a user loads a page and we already know that they're in a chat session, they should have all the info they need to connect to the socket without having to do another setup request.
- Note that application needs to put some kind of auth in front of CS rep conversation views

## Ideas for Later
- Support file uploads?
- Give conversation tags fields for "background-color" and "text-color" so that CS reps can create and style tags, like on Github issues
- Support callbacks: when a user starts a conversation, when one is tagged or untagged, when one is closed, ... ? This would allow people to add lots of features without supporting them directly (eg, "email me when", Growl notifications, "blink a light in the office when", record info for later reporting, etc)
- Add a way for CS reps to chat with each other: "do you know X?" or "can you join us in conversation 123?"
- CS reps will keep each chat in its own browser tab. Put helpful info/indicators in the `<title>` of each tab. Ideas: user name, exclamation point or some emoji if any unread messages...

# Name ideas, if packagified

- "Help" related
  - Boost*
  - Support
  - Abet
- "Chat" related
  - Gab*
  - Blab
  - Yak
  - Consult
  - Confer
  - Parley*
  - Charlar or Platicar
  - Confabulate!!

# Notes on Zopim:
- Asks for name, email and topic at start of chat
- Messages appear in little speech bubbles from self and agent, self on right, agent on left. Speaker name is bolded at top of bubble, and speaker profile image is where speech bubble appears to come from.
- Basic integration is just "add this JS snippet to your page"
- Ties chat to a session
- If reload the page, all messages from conversation repopulate
- Can open chat in a separate tab and also use widget. The two are synced.
- Can attach files to the chat
- Can rate the chat
- Can get a transcript emailed to self
- Agents can come and go from the chat
- There's an "End this Chat" button - presumably if I did that, and opened the chat window again, it would be a new conversation?

Commit message:

Add some todos from michael

TODO.md, after:

- Try to make this a separate package!!!
  - Move to its own namespace
  - Clear separation of lib/app responsibilities re: users, loading and persisting messages and convos, etc
- Change conversations list from JS polling to push via a socket
- All conversations page
  - show rep name who last helped
  - show last message for context (not first?)
- Clean up query stuff for conversations
- user needs to be able to save the chat history
- cs rep should be able to add notes to a conversation
- Label each message with some kind of per-user id so that we can style each speaker's differently - eg CSS colors for `message.user1...message.user9` probably enough.
- Add "is typing" indicators for users who are not self.
- Populate only the most recent N messages in a conversation when backfilling history, and load more as the user scrolls up
  - With this, we can then have some infinite conversations (don't allow closing) for back-channel talk between cs reps ("I need some help here", etc)
  - *Maybe* use "who is in the lounge channel" to decide whether any cs reps are available to chat? We need a conditional for that in the views to show the chat feature...
- Clean up path references
- In setup:
  - Prompt user for name if not logged in (currently using "Anonymous")
  - Set up chat window, using given chat room name and username
- Given that we're setting a cookie on every request, if a user loads a page and we already know that they're in a chat session, they should have all the info they need to connect to the socket without having to do another setup request.
- Note that application needs to put some kind of auth in front of CS rep conversation views

## Ideas for Later
- Support file uploads?
- Give conversation tags fields for "background-color" and "text-color" so that CS reps can create and style tags, like on Github issues
- Support callbacks: when a user starts a conversation, when one is tagged or untagged, when one is closed, ... ? This would allow people to add lots of features without supporting them directly (eg, "email me when", Growl notifications, "blink a light in the office when", record info for later reporting, etc)
- Add a way for CS reps to chat with each other: "do you know X?" or "can you join us in conversation 123?"
- CS reps will keep each chat in its own browser tab. Put helpful info/indicators in the `<title>` of each tab. Ideas: user name, exclamation point or some emoji if any unread messages...

# Name ideas, if packagified

- "Help" related
  - Boost*
  - Support
  - Abet
- "Chat" related
  - Gab*
  - Blab
  - Yak
  - Consult
  - Confer
  - Parley*
  - Charlar or Platicar
  - Confabulate!!

# Notes on Zopim:
- Asks for name, email and topic at start of chat
- Messages appear in little speech bubbles from self and agent, self on right, agent on left. Speaker name is bolded at top of bubble, and speaker profile image is where speech bubble appears to come from.
- Basic integration is just "add this JS snippet to your page"
- Ties chat to a session
- If reload the page, all messages from conversation repopulate
- Can open chat in a separate tab and also use widget. The two are synced.
- Can attach files to the chat
- Can rate the chat
- Can get a transcript emailed to self
- Agents can come and go from the chat
- There's an "End this Chat" button - presumably if I did that, and opened the chat window again, it would be a new conversation?
